# Go API client for openapi

API for getting generated schedules. Also used for getting and setting model parameters and instance data.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.1.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import sw "./openapi"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:8080/backend*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultApi* | [**DbScheduleGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#dbscheduleget) | **Get** /db-schedule | Returns the schedule as found in the db.
*DefaultApi* | [**FileScheduleGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#filescheduleget) | **Get** /file-schedule | Returns the schedule as found in a file.
*DefaultApi* | [**InstanceDataGetGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#instancedatagetget) | **Get** /instance-data/get | Returns the current instance data.
*DefaultApi* | [**InstanceDataSetPost**](docs/DefaultApi.md#instancedatasetpost) | **Post** /instance-data/set | Sets the insatnce data in the backend.
*DefaultApi* | [**ModelParametersGetGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#modelparametersgetget) | **Get** /model-parameters/get | Returns the current model parameters.
*DefaultApi* | [**ModelParametersSetPost**](docs/DefaultApi.md#modelparameterssetpost) | **Post** /model-parameters/set | Sets the model paramters in the backend.
*DefaultApi* | [**ScheduleFileSetPost**](docs/DefaultApi.md#schedulefilesetpost) | **Post** /schedule-file/set | Sets the schedule DB file in the backend.
*DefaultApi* | [**ScheduleGenerateGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#schedulegenerateget) | **Get** /schedule-generate | Returns a schedule generated with Java.
*DefaultApi* | [**ScheduleGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#scheduleget) | **Get** /schedule | Returns a schedule generated with MiniZinc.


## Documentation For Models

 - [Assignment](docs/Assignment.md)
 - [Assistant](docs/Assistant.md)
 - [AssistantType](docs/AssistantType.md)
 - [DBFile](docs/DBFile.md)
 - [Day](docs/Day.md)
 - [DayDate](docs/DayDate.md)
 - [IndividualSchedule](docs/IndividualSchedule.md)
 - [InstanceData](docs/InstanceData.md)
 - [ModelParameters](docs/ModelParameters.md)
 - [Schedule](docs/Schedule.md)
 - [ShiftType](docs/ShiftType.md)
 - [ShiftTypeModelParameters](docs/ShiftTypeModelParameters.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



